(/authentication/social-connections/coinbase) update guide (#1644)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/linear.mdx

  1. In the top-left of [Linear](https://linear.app/), select your workspace, then select **Preferences**.
  1. In the sidebar, under **My Account**, select **API**. Scroll down to **OAuth Applications** and select **Create new OAuth Application**. You'll be navigated to the [**Create new application**](https://linear.app/clerk/settings/api/applications/new) page.
  1. Complete the required fields. In **Callback URLs**, paste the **Redirect URI** you saved from the Clerk Dashboard.
  1. Select **Save**. The page will refresh and you should see the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** at the top. Save both values somewhere secure.

  ### Set the Client ID and Client Secret in your Clerk Dashboard

>   1. Navigate back to your Clerk Dashboard where the modal should still be open. Paste these values into the respective fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Navigate back to your Clerk Dashboard where the modal should still be open. Paste the  **Client ID** and **Client Secret** values that you saved into the respective fields.
```

  1. In the top-left of [Linear](https://linear.app/), select your workspace, then select **Preferences**.
  1. In the sidebar, under **My Account**, select **API**. Scroll down to **OAuth Applications** and select **Create new OAuth Application**. You'll be navigated to the [**Create new application**](https://linear.app/clerk/settings/api/applications/new) page.
  1. Complete the required fields. In **Callback URLs**, paste the **Redirect URI** you saved from the Clerk Dashboard.

>   1. Select **Save**. The page will refresh and you should see the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** at the top. Save both values somewhere secure. Keep this page open.

Reviewer: also update line 61 with the same suggestion i made for coinbase. and update line 65 and bold **Linear**
